#This page explains the basic concepts of Citation-Reference Matching and discusses on the different types of citations present in the various papers.
= 1. Introduction =

This page explains the basic concepts of Citation-Reference Matching and discusses on the different types of citations present in the various papers. We first explain the meaning of the two terms Citation and Reference, so that there is no confusion later on over their meaning. 

  * *Reference* : A reference appears in a list of works at the end of a document, and provides full bibliographic information about a cited work.

  * *Citation* : A citation is a mention of a work in the body of the text, and includes enough information to uniquely identify the work in the list of references.



= 2. Details =
This section is used to classify the various types of citations that can occur inside a document. They are sub-divided into various categories in the form of a hierarchy. Later on, statistics will be added on the format followed by the various papers in the test data. 
== 2.1 Citation Styles ==
=== 2.1.1 Formal Citations === 
Formal citations are constructions used to explicitly identify a citation. Formal citations may be subdivided into : 

==== (a) Textual citations ==== 
They use an author–year pair to uniquely identify an entry in the reference list. They can be further subdivided as : 
===== (i) Syntactic Citation =====
A _syntactic_ citation which forms a syntactic part of the sentence which contains it; removing the citation from the sentence will damage the syntax of the sentence.

Example 

  # Levin (1993) provides a classification of over 3000 verbs according to their participation in alternations involving NP and PP constituents.
  # Grosz and Sidner (1986), in their tripartite model of discourse structure, classify cue phrases based on the changes they signal to the attentional and intentional states.
  # A more mixed view on the matter is taken by Marcus et al. (1993). 
  # It is important to point out that Levin’s (1993) classification is not intended as an exhaustive description of English verbs, their meanings, and their likelihood.
  # Allowing for a definition of ‘realizes’ that makes the CB behave more like Sidner’s Discourse Focus (1979) leads to a very significant reduction in the number of violations of Constraint 1.
  # Our NLP component is implemented using a CDGparser (Harper and Helzerman, 1995;Maruyama, 1990a; Maruyama, 1990b) because of its power and flexibility.

===== (ii) Parenthetical citation =====
A _parenthetical_ citation which places the author name and year inside parentheses (or brackets or some other delimiters), and can be removed from the sentence without damaging the syntax of the sentence.

Example

  # Two current approaches to English verb classifications are WordNet (Miller et al., 1990) and Levin classes (Levin, 1993).


===== (iii) Micro Citation =====
_Micro Citation_ : As the name suggests, this format is found in older texts. Instead of having just an Author name and year, it might have other fields and all the fields are abbreviated versions of the reference text and always succeded by a single dot to denote the abbreviation. 

Citations

  # Fonscol. Ann. Soc. Ent. Fr. iv. 41 (1846)
  # Nyl. Form. Fr. et d'Alger. 60. 13
  # Mayr. Ungar. Ameis. 7. 8.

Which refer to

  # Fonscolombe, E. L. J. H. Boyer de 1846. Notes sur huit espčces nouvellesd'Hyménoptčres et de Névroptčres, trouvées aux environs d'Aix. Annales de laSociété Entomologique de France (2)4: 39-51.
  # Nylander, W.  1856. Synopsis des formicides de France et d'Algérie. Annalesdes Sciences Naturelles (Zoologie) (4)5: 51-109.
  # Mayr, G.1857 Ungarn's Ameisen (Programm der Städtischen Oberrealschule in Pesth 3,5-26



==== (b) Indexed citations ====
_Indexed citations_ : They use numbers or other abbreviations to refer to an entry in the reference list.

  # With the discovery of the quantum Hawking radiation [2], it became clear that the analogy is in fact an identity.
  # The framework of attribute grammars has been utilized for the development of compiler construction [ASU86, Far84, RM89, KHZ82], editing environments [Rep84, HT85] and program
transformation[Joh87, CDPR99].
  # Hawking [11] has argued that under certain conditions in this set K when extended in the past direction.
  # Attribute grammars were introduced by Knuth [Knu68, Knu71] as a way of describing semantics of context-free languages.
  # The bitonic sorting network is discussed in the algorithms collection of [Knu73] and several textbooks.


=== 2.1.2 Informal citations ===
*Informal citations* : An informal citation refers to another work, but without all the information required to uniquely identify the reference; generally, the additional required information is implied by an earlier citation to the same work. Informal citations use either the author name alone, as in example (1), or a pronoun, as in example (2), to refer to an earlier citation; they may appear in documents using either textual or indexed citations. In our present work, we are not interested in informal citations and will keep our focus away from them. 

Examples

  # Levin groups verbs based on an analysis of their syntactic properties, especially their ability to be expressed in diathesis alternations.
  # Her approach reflects the assumption that the syntactic behavior of a verb is determined in large part by its meaning.